Hello Friends Welcome to my channel
This time with another video, this is the starting point
It will show you this time like a fishing net that contains lead
We already have our leads ready to be placed in the tow rope
Now we only lead
We take Dalton
And together with lead cord embrace
I was thrown into the shape
So that it is a kind of ball
Some also
The lead distance to bullets must be the same
I also remember that the rope where the presentations are placed
Do not be too flexible because you have tangled problems
It is best not too flexible
The series has more lead range
If you put one elastic you will have a tangled problem
Because it will lead dominate the series
Which should be avoided
We continue to place presentations
We became comfortable with this flat stone to give
Shock and lead formation
Good driving which is very flexible and easy to operate
So we put leads in this way
With a hammer hit a small
It looked good
Always keep an eye we grab
With a rope
And hit now
Then we
The Lost Eye Willy
We grabbed the lead with the rope and hit
So we have left a kind of ball
I have now met with the Union
Rope
That's why we chose a larger margin
I have already made a bigger difference
To embrace the two ropes
Well now that we have ready
We hit with the hammer
We hit really hard
Now we begin to cut
Cut here
Such as cutting the other end
I have attached the cord and keep the rest
Always taking the eye do not forget
If you prefer more weight
It can give more weight to one flimsy eye
Remember that when we lift up to form a breast
Three were free diamonds
Two of them put weights on and are free
We finish with the threads placed
They must be that way
Lead to a unified command instead
While friends arrived at the end point of this video
we
Later videos and others
So next time.